Example of response generation with optional arguments (#853)
ml-explore/mlx-examples: llms/README.md

>>> help(generate)
```

> For a detailed example of response generation with optional arguments, see `mlx_lm/examples/generate_response.py`. 

Reviewer: One more thing. That would be better as a link.
```suggestion
Check-out the [generation example](https://github.com/ml-explore/mlx-examples/tree/main/llms/mlx_lm/examples/generate_response.py) to see how to use the API in more detail. 
```
